Epoch 0


 ﻿TSnaHa 
SyH.nsuoPkaP1ToTHash1HPSyHkaausoE
ua.E E Hu oukHHTkS
syT.EHEH
 sy.ETCSShoC
hkkhP
o E
n.PTyHuS
a
EkSh
n  unE yToChhnaouSPPko

 
1n.ou
k.

.oaTHhC
Shak y1 nPy 
EksyhSo.ayC.TyoauyPH.k TyC y C
Hok 


Epoch 1000


 you.d onitliuJl ind anr ar un beinon vit. thene of fnft
ate An ang
We ou Inoplciminy I wede ans aslile lui'n. neke caereeet. duaabl thite ’eruttinde
0 st buamytcanddisras
outeing ruteiit’unl ofmvisns
, 


Epoch 2000


 poull.
 theig, "en dorelt inds in,. .


Tap e thet hadlaggt al wy. te cat eyr Thigs nuon. We  hansb pok eotne, ig as, of’re, Amarl.


Wh Oprso t. it Suras andim grit meacnes The iutbrl and abe, bas sli 


Epoch 3000


 that’y the wer,.




Thadgon debred do sangitt they dotle? rein’t Buminingsreco kndastoit te Cerin Nould spurt poonb care have geet det gua ce poaht not muna Chou oure hand. Thibe seuve tring peratit.  


Epoch 4000


  oues domnt, we’r the fom bemiEg a’g bith, And — in our ant lot bur. I’s bhe is in in bus hat 

I MsI, so goed fob.0
And he yo it bicied., Wh j0at. I asd quikoald — a lidikany Riricl mat exw" pamid to  


Epoch 5000


 evon riss stentiCh.


Wu is. 


N0w — an? I dit youct whem in $ur Ihat bets us eus ove a ’rd a the totatoll best, stat’s and to goink our SoT’r no to laverint com is eid Than prontent habe htven tind — 


Epoch 6000


 e aid stoall. They’re cous wonrvers, and wamave to wake Tring bo con shery wonk. We have. I woy’t of quand hawe corice. And the )laven the cay’rd poing ala ither goilg cout-sisr on. The. 



They going 


Epoch 7000


 dot lor ans lever, bery, I ifpll. Mrapso de bust bigh, $A leke And hay fif goot, I’m agen in nod an shere, thy the the knowed gotary titausen. "









Th fory — I heredy beele. Bu. Theed legst it. N 


Epoch 8000


 thin’t of you arica) raked fnatent us.


Thase? Atxenk sung, chtit. Tremids "Siplids Guarst for whis betes corment, wery a doog the goidg op tre on whing ney, stoun ad wonk is mextaild to so sexe's nof 


Epoch 9000


 e hace insouzter doing Coig, to meleplr people unhale thenil staked kurforcany the weremayture dorefios ce)pof Afwis we go hamith. now what cas thime. I live we het as beor becally any menowten’tl in t 


Epoch 10000


 we it for yid that stica radnmurt are thes wolkive, and Eambor even trit in happen that dagley came corrte’s bill, the Sofet perisbery, comlacn buttrentes ore Ale batice ever than tered not, witkns. We 


Epoch 11000


  I’r doel it sigones – to walles. We fur gling to saderes..
I do they –."Mun well bace op tislly the soste. And and whin torlats and me our, a fay hes gety preillen of A cout wernink amestos owhe geing 


Epoch 12000


 endied.. That Abeny that hery on, It’s Hans got the soill, sole the Criinat. Thiven ut ond I’ve you all eass thr ans gues trenave courisld want a kilpen do whe’s in shat.
We the Some stoury ars but’s – 


Epoch 13000


 ney. I’ve game- PreatDe allation itst you tnem? Jefary shes, the podmanions we’rer goest of var to $
 fon wask to mand soring...Wering ou toullispory.
Wenout areryust our a sageing in erowe. Wy have go 


Epoch 14000


 the bam in lane the be arsulonod. Do the to the the en even out hax an. And the Urared the dovens of that ny wast it will worren to be wling.
Indane sore, here. In the peopliht – rean ke the steres ell 


Epoch 15000


  mast on a fremacan, have my will it a wiop fares of rible saken mring grosed betice to do achige spune im anding withs $P%0tome coupe. Shar whin out Bet on jolbtove besadiny bely donein wilimand and m 


Epoch 16000


 d we – Ching, whese bay.
And who’r ghe de’s now "They
re bast, It’s been’s a way me the wane Alobke. What the goin, anc Irrenoby. Nom goikely. We var’e, Levemicn it realth you know porse till. Non. To  


Epoch 17000


 ’v me. Yor in.
We’re whre to veing. Nol, beow, and te prebllast witrl.
Miding know, they wakeress. We wave wone going we cast goy we’re so to do one woth not.
You’d me hiop now Theall in kiclly beover  


Epoch 18000


 now.
Now frabamen the prow utfroing to are of by then and a fur must you jutt the batint of streich Cling had reballes. But with wericaver. mewa0, "Now War firtrestiond lis. Oke a juy, and going Sonnti 


Epoch 19000


  wante knat, Couldn’t knywent werent a saint see.
You know, of – I fpiden Cluvert. I’melry ablevendy and it’s geeas Weor. ney one this call fon I’ve gook Bech introned they bus anougett herd withs be o 


Epoch 20000


 neat all you know in aderotiled. You. I. Itragut stial ably yor and That. You one percove othe bethurst and aon. We’re cound aks witcer is que eq to me of they’ve dead buce be. It going tothald anymoti 


Epoch 21000


  o% it. And they of proman. Do think yon you wan liinal. Nus a going to d3 thoudd. We reed we 15 secats gut We lake it’s intordifa, – gomat, numboute whats would lod a lige to aloplen."
But wash allati 


Epoch 22000


 none the told. We deacth. I’m say and poese she zont. On is thin things. And I wadn’t want tell be frocly So actall. Ve have pullifing I lother beever sumin. IN has anefong, I’m vet Some theme te andin 


Epoch 23000


  cent wint be for ther owh mint of goikn they call the know s, our buting. You know. We wese don’sed, you dood I my of, to kneted snyot hore trial inse be the wave in to Mioblen he gail every to twen’r 


Epoch 24000


  an ard one know end whrit? Lead, to dobe dowant the kidsen it’s wellating Treat it make of feversed rigany, is we wantifen incaude. .
PTat rigen deoped.

By, we vely then " up that soprains, $10%, tha 


Epoch 25000


 : But the kild we dagh, a mayne regring endave there even sulding ceallisstikn you know get be ther have $Bu’ve now with before dood, Mractse.
And reonged buale. We was that’t and they canttis far that 


Epoch 26000


 detase and it’s equry day, have me terenty, the bazing. Bot astow."Anowhens, frecepsestisted about and yom you kays prallaty anm amoriorans wome we dad in. Herowat or dithing? "WendR Rane oure moce rel 


Epoch 27000


 out. No4 hear we’re you Rether where time hippat baying brtaricy. Bub ab firshe? Hevernn" it. The boing stealvey a lqyony to do. What how – and the uspollron Soverysathit his wast thede they wan how ou 


Epoch 28000


  rlicale $f me that 3% Ohe sele. But we’ll bigingass bilgrod to get for that do do a keople wen-, eld going happe came someg to have woll ably deghing come regut gome. But they. Them Mmotlica." I mose  


Epoch 29000


 dod
.
The I atwen – Supbo to mas for mullads unceresieds $1% year bery.
Now, reyun. I to netcing ablieve becare because as thanke.
0, tw, so was. And rea say I know, the eveny-on. We all year in.
Dnow. 


Epoch 30000


  hacting I meaments, of the sof the ectrody. I you, Trome. Bur Misharem atresion. And imsighty of the soughtry ip peousp.
A very don’t arem. Itw and whey’re I and im they ching they people bilitres. Ir 


Epoch 31000


 it one so. I wnof I did in graypuy? And Manderts. Resppontod sicilints that all the painoug, over in them I they to to in these getally they wanknever. You’ve get no lot these about to are tremy itmofs 


Epoch 32000


  nuct…’t know, I’m nots the becilly, a lo very, that ‘eand. And I’d get of dowamipan. The a suhd. An foare and I got itar mafe thit. Oh, my rid deis, 50 430%, I sad lech are you esse and I the ithing s 


Epoch 33000


 then and of in'o poors don't, I take wone leld ce pelmind ou kan of shink it's one Chate's, want tulk rilir. Sodoby oftrew. Yor vory asteat it lest – jobring of somes he listion'r op werred ondy spich  


Epoch 34000


 LeD BEn ARS EE'T OHEI WEVE WE'TE ING GRING WANKHER. A VACP TH TE ANE PER I COME BU GNDT OUL SOB RIGRPEE IAN yOUT THEATSSSRESLWLVE AT, THEV VEILE.. WE FOU TO AFFO. TE'RE IN IAS ALE BN'E TRANSA O8. TAP O 


Epoch 35000


 E . MUALL IT PECASKE TUAM INDIN COVERIN "THE CIRP HARN THENE THIT. WE HAVE GLATTEN DTALE PALR INDSGO5 NO in THon AND THI WEL WISTIST’RE THE I VOL IT DARIMTTENW WE'T TELAT MY A SALABPEEND THE POCNETLDTI 


Epoch 36000


  ilmual in a buf veny uch actor arady your billio, good eXpredict intopy prounthst. If I giok take was on or Regoty wellias called your's worked it.
TLink they don’t seed bubl on yeall ofler low.
RN as 


Epoch 37000


 the knatibed one rifter. And a lotted end with fans And with we was bus orbere.
It lake to mon't going, an the fares the of for going to people, Chate a dunt out other fountry agter the Alsectiale, tha 


Epoch 38000


 in the jop wo can pelint inter you wantisy choppe. Thea So in Mebunksy, Clut of Unare thistary, you tolky. Low, Might. We and the paipenyrene thatias aplope aslat, on the Minvitile — I witt’s thingse c 


Epoch 39000


 eld you’ll gut of fritent than I calling our about way got becous the listents, that. Pioknesh cex ingelio. Brick..
Sorybofy penittis onfilw the back.


IS lokg the sefdy mich tit one mo a lotting to b 


Epoch 40000


 enst of chem even begharl wiallment the dleve dispan. I thin bay scare your anemuevan hack, and becausind asmatave, I sad we’re wersesphance. We have don’t docl by happente bing prollymplesting what th 


Epoch 41000


 rewe worge, we sountry supkible.
 Yor it. Themughinul of the Sconobule I Chised at he sey are’s note?


Ching.
It’s and wher $25 22, acr an, they’me nevers — Menthod. Jayons of comlict. Anl 1o love you 


Epoch 42000


  if ace; are exteat in think you knouting very, a going to be other be say, on, they’re geill of ar ows. 

I everinopert our hevougs — I knob sa. Cheest. They dous. I goungrten with you’ll on. Now, he  


Epoch 43000


 the bected."






In’t couniatid. Hothw . I like thilk arouneregned bieven, guy, look is in Trump.


So frobeen. Gest. Cringea, it hall the cast I’m. The but I I dight youn ow be preacerize unerelesm, 


Epoch 44000


  pulle people. Retuint tover have sayible dow, we hesnation. The dlars, the cave to the doing to know, 15 me into sompentent to somemino. Madding whe hialden mose trade ow? Said, It’s my eadved Mim for 


Epoch 45000


  fral contote ady of the like got.


Don’t havink agoun. Amary. The terate some was before to maoble thow I’s and of chorysinds have of the sight. We verieg to uper thit now will ves queed it to ped, a 


Epoch 46000


 me the reatiem and reclananter things lide people platent oglardes. That’s good, I went of the yound is suncaes.


Whoun, you gre; them she’s sas flaning candres.


IL not, poos the presphen doves donr 


Epoch 47000


 not mugn.
Sy, I woth dowat. They condert’s do said To slout. A dially up no les. I’m repseme say no that poong Jepore a now in Gaving fur we’re alm his a beacies and it’s the mast in it’s with un whet  


Epoch 48000


  all of will rees Camint it. She cerect the puing and we even gays the said, He’s treal in inguct in lose im it’s any the Sone ecar it’s and a recore-ind they going on dole it.. Thin thinge. We Irsause 


Epoch 49000


 know are you componon degable and calls get evest pory agro werved of doney almatidary me.
And the Amends it good very fave Fpently our sorut poilt love happan to do that hesplity."
I said same country 


Epoch 50000


  frymint when they’c sobles and lore abowt it have going to tas loy’s lest Ifester. Rithing Trump on them. We wan I’w any good have Endause it atout from trees. I veat works love going to people they w 


Epoch 51000


  alles dobuce mady.
So you don’t knowing they we she’s all of seecss trase because maty – to bilitteug. Not minacans, where. You I loon sar alle make Tridl carse’s prorabys oner mAntale tha posean beca 


Epoch 52000


 veros.


It of thery can in lieve.
Bolitek a crectapint our the then ”o that they’re get had the conne fox the sovends up ever pols I wad that unseaziriss. And all not’s saying and we were and ived for 


Epoch 53000


 her hasss. Was coll, to the.
Gover rap I was. Him ary Affrucifle and and a grifamy. That wancan zebe. They freig.
What for chire Clore of tho most don. We sun’t wakent. Betablion you pading "or fratied 


Epoch 54000


 he’s been cuppers want you know nimby. We had a lot to weress?
You sanded we’re neest. And you" elriding a cairs, why seack but Awe with tused. Now mwat, this backnow I went to itcerdess. They dingstal 


Epoch 55000


 enw a pratt going to wanted it.
Now has. Amerilae. But we’ll teliz poritions aroug are going to be a grodenthed "Dor – Hepuinton agounde.


In’t was with who wontsubeam cousing. We’re going on the ene  


Epoch 56000


 for coth though relentiing all ever it. Lay our ageing they wak, with and they will with a bas and whut? He vave stomagits are us abost I wann to had we s4ank as wethong very Samun this care and I lave 


Epoch 57000


  he’s a declleacly have a dion even.
And I saudls ag if elf everyboing happensuntial divarion – he was allede. We’re. Bet they nende toll] you loud hard been think. You know. somet compo an anded feake 


Epoch 58000


 unttseratare is crooplymow.
You stry – and he ple lovere the bid happen. Befowia, we have on this is do all overs t7um-frecitter. We’re with wime.".T.Incalse vere called you his you the howhin the trea 


Epoch 59000


 neing te when Chrie. They can Hillion, the expaltong indy arout. He gook is more, you fish people.
And and I veing now they keet a just pecauribly thet im aruse out maviatert uper.
He trung this dentho 


Epoch 60000


 he’s sthoudenty, Peope you cave to we presed with shing to sicn. So 5mong totster and that with by that levanaly. And I’d groale. Ohe United out. Noo- acan id. Right? Than to very like. It commiggs, in 


Epoch 61000


 neves docat mida.
So thay saO camtais in neviog.
I man about going to wastady arasts, just isnedersidary. It have offer onicandally doViti. They thoughtor see the loor rigion a souldn’m going to probed 


Epoch 62000


 the onmer. But whings. Inde’s something Mifully.
And I’ve take he worpereryse. They canta, thomr. And fore. We’re happer pullably gice's. Heakim. But I meen they want it’s been me.
Whe’s a twos about i 


Epoch 63000


 



he muse diving unsure?" We’re. Every muntans. It’s dass. Yoa know to coual. Why take the vay with of like these way reable aging buck and etrecatso "What. I’m litele oned fryeng. Yor going to year  


Epoch 64000


 you wing. But whrous courd of a came, it’s going to have New the reters. Okay. Ley terre sow0 it, beok, Trump time from and to they countrysies good because it, when they say fun massea dan Irrsed torg 


Epoch 65000


 now 24 minall welling I’d for I was and they be 1o people you callly.
Bextor the mealiters, going jobs, in the will we’s bran, to deen here. They I would Howerly in the peoplentatlly stupllave – wtat.
 


Epoch 66000


 and we’re atst ford sule. I wan wo be really millious – they, by that poll, be elen hele out I ary with care not in light me 35%. And you real were lank beatizen them. He cownthat."






 Vert with th 


Epoch 67000


  corse. But They samen for thess age a spece. I shop. Nato. IN Checs a foremed is teld guy. I make nacalle.
I say She 10 dich.
Real, it’s thit do and so the nearone’s moce – buck.
You reanarading. But  


Epoch 68000


  oupmryscense. They van, most mayrile neclentl dayitille whion mang. I’m get gite of miy Aup. I herurion noverdert you have guy so vory country and I leable fight on the us it. But million crensC Grose 


Epoch 69000


  some they everhors. If I were abain of jusuth compered. And I'd rabed art to have worlunity, like the. You one coneriess. And The mipole been it a manse these all and I counell of the other have get c 


Epoch 70000


 Ok HOVE, I KIOK.. An AN FRANG WERRED THIMU AN WHES A MA. LOMESTW GO IT SOREY COUL OD HANG WISHEN AND ANE SOERS. ALL LAT MIGREST THIME A CRREAT AND ALLES I'VE GOING YOU. DILLE A PAC NEINS, VEwiR THAY ES 


Epoch 71000


 F OUR, LOS OF REANST IT DON HAY OF THE AND THEY BICY SANG IS BAT SI HERPAT THEY, MERERONG BE I SO -- TANG T- MUDTRYED WABE HICNOVE UNINGOy. WANN PEOWHANE PER MACEST THERS. NEDE WAR NEDE LIST OF ST WE W 


Epoch 72000


 thes why and you have really, a hapust in't going to they crunce.
That cill dealerse scownaty? We I vely.
He is – that herrecosshe probemeen going to a came if I've Xove. Got to be this strate. It're a 


Epoch 73000


 in tecsming if Becaush them Mexiet, the pay usher to to weth never use faiseven, it. And the croplent, does that ruy of mone comfaling. Mo Komenice becime the orrien our compleit or isher is and or Kas 


Epoch 74000


 onis was the Dids. Our really raybelitary instive a prea sele run’t have ditaly compal on or getare. Iverks. I think you edsid, it, they, we’re going to hevelly adstong. If he’t was time whit statesh a 


Epoch 75000


 ’r $290 me redinayn’s kind jow anytiffing, just our country like the 1hion’t are aboot becabsed of precostt of its then the hich in a what are id, it’s frow, and thererenomial campred amerd, are doneyt 


Epoch 76000


 , ther teruply mechaty ruage is, you’re politton that hesp attorss our right if Sobalestor and "Ihan "Ho harsey connecledorsermsaods, we’re going boit and ceree, the veriesting Irans and way going to l 


Epoch 77000


 reancouser and I wougvly had nomextust of over gays worlary with I wont’t gotal; them going to bam, a puth thatact on wimant the plact of dimnnt. You Ko negotienida going to all. I said and vory collic 


Epoch 78000


 , I wain then wo let serung think to because that job’s baiden. It’s this fomene abous tris, every, Gear is the kind of the care cands. But. And it’s going to big arisaca, you would a great thee mill f 


Epoch 79000


 nevence. They’re guy — they’re going on and Jome.
You know a apoun of againstery, he. But why put a froble crustrot athagon. And Io one to the so wart that fildeg bying to pelly. They gon’t. I’m not a  


Epoch 80000


  nutty a precorist. We have the compal verpelse we I tall, our for perse — and and you know an and the ut harr very Might beco. Make — sugutice. Right, to levitaly, thit have down. They woush — youndry 


Epoch 81000


 . Bexien neem has offer in I gee buck perted Amand. You know, Amereqa my tor the tadling refevellifes, out hackine $110,000, thisn, bring sogatest new I nexe right of Devery ady Iswo WeL spent sirt sim 


Epoch 82000


 d youd they say, the promP har redien hasung? The wall greas of the guild howry, I Clino Ther. We really arouqs defuch is bein better ferupina, uplesteationed. But pulct and depolt after up, furmrued T 


Epoch 83000


 you know, you’re to debificers. We have sunden so mility some who won’t ded...... A freay, your did let the would on you got to get dimmers by doing that cralion into beet who, they’ve goest and doungr 


Epoch 84000


 that wen’s anybody Jurip Omand compena. Malled to amas, I make dow" Mand Tnus, shoumd pless. That? make these it one to doing of colling everybuble. Now they’re say it actatsing ‘rillare sourened us al 


Epoch 85000


 ...A loven. I him. It’s donnt. I peop you goill to love doneed?
...The’re and no blised. And we mon’t do aesucling by the United she’s about reiding thes apen agan people, they say, no Donal Ender. And 


Epoch 86000


 very doing of the wonch a haven syiving out zeat of thinged. I said, " have and Bfasister age save now and at instionn. Do they’re approveme’t stady tradly that bit Him'n. We’r a be cother userestes th 


Epoch 87000


 lowe. Shink you compack. They came Crrentrybate becomet’s masinus it’s gotes ther with people. And we’re the excluce. We have to me." I ding to ave whation preclion.
But for sice I say baight, I Kanymo 


Epoch 88000


 and they evaniably of imation. We’re the Chitare and the’re stupines was and they’re going to readion, about a bett." Tengred is come tome a polls.
Se?
We Hill. I got ress senthings, me monest of this  


Epoch 89000


  elsign with.
I have it atwaugh lot our ten’t let a groug in Americent, in. I fart tald peould has poovs in less equest josm maks upprest listle, they’re aproblernors. It’s goeat other of whing vert ot 


Epoch 90000


 a smirs – Obabally ended taken he high so lifolly nenhis a littory hesshly to be to the would stror of a great we gave ther Mave hurdo, sime I’m not’s tollior, nome our crazt.
Justonsion. Go because th 


Epoch 91000


  ented very are it. He has greausid tack a lidve sumpong backed Trump immicauling Is thisistones.
And I hippen me a like wif Irmasical.
This for taxevizist to we’re goved you know, it said for peans. " 


Epoch 92000


 ded we golen’t git his soleat we’re coust because what’s gay betahions ad ated is wern Siy difully doed they are. And he frieligued taken he righter doman, I want tratull falmen she one not got it – I’ 


Epoch 93000


 reall" he’s ago they’s a tunnons – guy. Right she the way. I thing a wast of bry a sen, pettle out s1mer ail you have him hess that?






Dook "Yeat. I do about pot a lotes sutple andialsat, be al imm 


Epoch 94000


 encile is shiallisacasts of that Monation aboug you toob take in.
Now, the is because a gristory on robsid war peratert by thr hippen, I worcille, I wancerst the one mese happenie. I have to to going t 


Epoch 95000


 e groush. Seet to bood, ULC menow" Chry, and I rad because you’t have to many tigny. We hive tell the KNonas. It’s aloud paccese. I’ve to going to (id – them them Trurt inclations in a liedy about Iral 


Epoch 96000


 end thay tex, to yeormnntst sikn so. I knom bero. Yout’ve 50 with they will out where money. Gen bad make procese. It’s agame, agains and the for monebo lot. They’re golly rossa’t "She sead qut more be 


Epoch 97000


 they had why are cerouns/ and then everythat and right of the berited aye yee work, Bes. Soother the expabling that I’ve grea for righto like so been very and upsestrobed. No bit or what with it. I was 


Epoch 98000


 not domat? Now.. I tought. I have goill onaded. We’re our good of the ha-ples. I’m now ary fromes. I soud, I say, I get now — thy? I’m a necoupsemen? They want of the probod bid tuch cillick of Jur cho 


Epoch 99000


 people got peremuble. I’m moybo they gok expant – thise takitions you have not the parCent think us in helt.
That and them a drout alound.
And we’re shingatians. They over thraod okes. You have a you k 


Epoch 100000


 go about thly my it lew, – a lot abuply be all on on that that us onem of paouse
3, right. Ching I want abow of becale Irh a because that workanus proly hapre.
But herestions like.
So we are amere, vat 


Epoch 101000


  ruind.
We’re nob ithed in all even wno. I’m great terreds, I’m 50%. Can conorted, you one taxe. Say, 35 you lesse’t wall elsudol.
So very say they’ve got rack usted it’s a loy money.
Lo, when, for in  


Epoch 102000


 go with.
IN and I shink that was a thing and I do in forry, the boush that Trome funced of that what in. I tonning a furusering?
My cranded wast feor Jiths dack ads and with of the muchmancs all get a  


Epoch 103000


 cronghing is have out. They’re to want comp it $354 242, itc peally the busedesa but for that one you. For becausisusen the ford sole.
Row, dentill labod sufficeed he ssof countryme. I don’t know, I’ll 


Epoch 104000


  wotll whot in ary thilk the leven hell the corderssloon, and of thrie.
Whing are – Texentht masting in, I set Bobody very werorm. They want to the horaver rebersed furment – I villion. We hadf you toa 


Epoch 105000


 nees a menona, the Maxt it eost treat, soumlilerst. They will, I don't ve yeare makilt,, uthight usauted? We just dilled great with in this going to do endled forresing inchelembaz subiding, a licter o 


Epoch 106000


 GhI Bua RAMT WAMGHERTOY IR THIT OUR ID LANK IS INLDYA CEU, THAN FOh LINT
HAGwEY. WE I WEANS LAGE WE LING JSAGEATEN. NAT POMEY COMER
I DALLKS. ReKEDEDEDE. RIGUST ING. UUE. LOUND PACEP TA GO WAI WES IS T 


Epoch 107000


 . WE're's going bigalers give Repacklest, buth doealsode. WAT is hars all of flous. BUT. A know THey bil in Yound. They seened. Y1ur bretuct courled them they gotiens. TR a pUleation go. Will very they 


Epoch 108000


 .
IN So Obwore. KE adan, the shime, $1.5 years. You know, belible. We have start that. So of now moner. I'm a bringones dithing to do and to this and gatter on me prabed 1K ince make surege aw $530 is  


Epoch 109000


 noths wored thoupsercuns and we holk othere, will or pufily letAto.
 On one to sum formints and I to fejelichiss itch, the then they cratent.
Then by that beef them doFT now great reale. And if thry si 


Epoch 110000


  forced mbaige, we could cancomer evango the priling we dist 21, has big us.
Fich. me he and if the almand our great the mores.


They don’t have go pulks. Tourt with not tones prouple, wher chenever o 


Epoch 111000


  Trobl cerestan.
Now, this who think it compluevion able mast crilaral come acause we’re save. If thoushade-to guy not hame, this seen, many, into feren of it, inconnetive ecladerent to we’re sebsing.  


Epoch 112000


 she I’d pooving a figrtion. Loing to han with Lides. I velioned, stam. And all cortamaes me. Reessoneffor even reguits, Doficy of took greak ais of inted tell. But it whing’s morestred monered who lote 


Epoch 113000


 smeriful and they selu one do becure world. I’ve a luy aray that hord, and a came ersenalup people, hip the like a sood, thad much overy. You know. These becredsed Doding somet have — you do our cause  


Epoch 114000


 melemons. All to get todor a lettin. He wantit, they wall the bod everybody have to said Irring of a lex— sohica, to the going to said to Hispedication anybody, you know, we have fort. And you know be  


Epoch 115000


 un any money, of the worst.






They have at has do do for mo new on a is about the way.

And people billion trade you eage. They said nam- on ise it. I a dilital canen a light in zeat I real Wasceve 


Epoch 116000


 beek, you wall wenorentaiean, do Homelhion, we has whing and just — and we walk like liftes and thanks to muthanar mefo, be Ambatuy with hest. We devame, and there talking for they Panfoed.


But the m 


Epoch 117000


 they want the sompted truenec furgibly priter was the way, our for, problently mo do bud whsterson. The prowicufe all terrectte Throd. ANd who, realanis comere abasiol wit people sAed with beever. WhEt 


Epoch 118000


  Plowent plants bigning. And he be muct its hesmans more from Borion thouss of them the aboull agaded us.


And difeciand, you have our Plesing arrid. Yar insich that Iswan can. We wronguminul.


Nat a 


Epoch 119000


 . But and with even I con’t. And what’s caildo’s dome, the Megot. It’s going to from they wos. Ant you’k defrilara. Tea, we’ve insused,. We’re mo1, that out it. Soreed than it’s a cranive wAtcentoutisi 


Epoch 120000


 yover hard Amerit. Of the pursing, happenter jobs that’s evert. "So, it’s pols. That? Thy be pownable. Oh, repea easiz of, I win. He give secore four pleson abaibs. I’m not, or it. The Clunt."
But. We  


Epoch 121000


 fust actum, they’s our conrfon not money sut I’m a literm soxifara verie. Ind mesaven on to the powtunds – you have frace. I think the Mexicialary has hard?
We end star that out guring tha sign outs, $ 


Epoch 122000


 degate take wad not offereds, know it werl.
Now, because I wan Partian is spenter herred as the readd. Very ture Vary buck, some the eare in.
I’m so joblmed and in. I ves deally pugnton. So, going to b 


Epoch 123000


 unersuan. We love strat cameral. You a proteffed in a pibwing some very hele Ifnegation.
Stare whith ado I funclible people as certer the wera a there for the mose whon im.
But Brate probed — we arf im 


Epoch 124000


 oneS like and we’re going to yead.
We’re. I have in, it’s going to get netting want to tell hers sycustingly, in thid when kecter it. Hown thrter the people one spotining we’re say, "We’re nack the 20  


Epoch 125000


 Seen’t how lare and saure manyloment you houldn’t do have ttargutifus poll good of it.
It’s going to big? You had "Trow, million deally. It’s get sogible of seed, that.
We have it somes it be, right? W 


Epoch 126000


 end younted to vet so sten. Ok I’m a wast people.
We’re orean for you ataw heme liffer Trusmsent. But we’re going toust doing people what what you save to surtions yous hac a bad with the at us pll. Yo 


Epoch 127000


 unbelien, crentimbory, you got a thanking supperstant.
Now.. you hought the me. It’s thing would in the elsess. So I think you’ve nder thin who Amsed. New .J follme this buca people to me. Thun’s you h 


Epoch 128000


  we retuint the callihan, – to do we can’t be not great you’re the spollieve suthing – I’m a don’t, it. I want to be velieve secund tax.






 ho hall, " I sain to have spank a took Meal, by the "Ifme 


Epoch 129000


 and we gave think I was pollary I have so him. It’s berous

Gon. And you’ve inversed and the than I think it jobudion mocteds ty%.
But it. I’m going to be tof that is counth for quort of what we lot an 


Epoch 130000


 ut.
AT Nemis at preyted were 35%. Everybatorfing? Gran exted tere just.
But he’s was strolut? We’re the better raphe Diffe vetible corrt for mianing Collary Crromu prebod – chanst of the in.
We’re knys 


Epoch 131000


 lead hellister, just abaintamued to the pold. We’re going to can crist…"ES sucheress gonna, one of prople not the declaticainy, and thist – Sappain. He think you’ve then it some froming a dingrazer mom 


Epoch 132000


 they don’t think anything of that years – storion. Not have was about everybody great back it real like in beippical. We are van about tridU I wholy vorlem likes to Aworiating byst one I beat, bad our  


Epoch 133000


 pollary – facter caK so. Whan thing who of cherouperings fratera. We ding.
I counerybody whon ank right and make us a grong again. He’s so them in the whenutury from $665 Obster how." they’re nobody an 


Epoch 134000


 steefice that me.
Even the I lot. And all on whrore deal and Aspjosty. That’s in it.
But they’re ber on defore. Pestlates. Jornal. And it ale, I dond bongh. I.’s going to be to pithip.""A dipper in 2%e 


Epoch 135000


 she builly han going to do even Plore. Nebody to pry – a dildows Caull they jast. She all even of meen rater.
So 50umsent on for a supore. And we same – I’m it’s not ablocking apcompay, I saking so Irr 


Epoch 136000


 elwey goeds few hele because whe’s nothe. That? I have mo out its have a course than me of tow reeped list and this doing doinally who gavern the things to goid. We’re going to have to bodilment by thi 


Epoch 137000


  all dece, this. We smopgate we have going to saw.
"But whed bolitail Jaht theald say, I merate thanker very and the Griled to but ago will moneros many.
And we Kesp get – reared terreannans even and t 


Epoch 138000


 every’s jost right I bely. I alreate but for, or monion outdess.
But reapss 40%, I’m guve of my plar. In’t tald eventors is a prect.
I degs. Shen we’re boouse – that did ve is like Fincer anybopy mille 


Epoch 139000


 herdngy to dewed. Jarizer rich there’re nomenay polling hare Ion’t the great atso. You jud – that? So this it $410 nislame?" They’re syuny. No the come.
Everybaes country of actuese 1We you know, Juss  


Epoch 140000


 know.
And some how now. And of in the Hislacing of ecoricant our polls. We can agy and what for it. Now, the other is doney. And they’ll ortem un I gave of jusm bads, Chinad so, I’m and my, millious. T 


Epoch 141000


  gooking that dick firics. You know, whing it's becampense $200,000 the maying, now." You’ve of came someghing on foines andmer – me in our country othere, biensiaudess want to lot of hew Pardedty? It. 


Epoch 142000


  IS CLOTF IT $O WITHARE SIM. TEING LE NEVE NOA ITOULS PERAET PEONG REFHOUS. GHING WEAGL YOU SONK, WHEN'RE GONT, STEESTDY. REAGOFE NAT THICG, WHAG'T GOIRPS THE GOY? THE MeVERY AOTALLE SAINI WINHY THEY W 


Epoch 143000


 one if this it stundlice lefued.
And I gaked and roop aid fax plaby tas a two people going. There dont? ANODerstiog and they solildion and whereariages. Of the Wercontoniel, to be a beancomes whore, a  


Epoch 144000


 got going to reght in I win been debided moyt our coust, she's an anstering firsant, it's to I've rettion, it.
Our job a – they country. in ame." reterted as Sellad. The so has get higree worl't and ye 


Epoch 145000


  Rissts, and they have a sackleing all up care tamme, Not to Isongs doca syledly Chita is neal A I I’ve would. Dorations or whe, Ablatally wolkers. Thank ming Hilling.
And countrieds, youch companders, 


Epoch 146000


 sharved the Apprentmeatises all the exsed.
As a Reading. We said, Aminuct is our see have contiter, I ever recrunt its Obimical and he prowabulking out. Persinle and yeas we ridghic. Wonk and they was  


Epoch 147000


  astan the prale, just them astion is The not done, are, chomits and I’m greed’s donation to so stong yoo tot a forged abable. I say this dowane. We’re doin the people, colld to bich, but the world vic 


Epoch 148000


 You know Mexicaos. It’s get holebody taken we have to are rdiersion, I talk not going to haped and $19 becament, they’re gon and States. I'm lote hap they. I don’t waing and didntracl ad in murber magr 


Epoch 149000


 one of mave Hordy fir. All of then they're houndry. Ihl of deredve. We have on that and herazilar the wascange -n whate rang, I — you have to ruse — "K? And 27 perica, trader where a bigge, is go now — 


